Add linux/debian version (#1)
yannishuber/automated-backup: README.md

Small script which automates my backups using [restic](https://restic.net/) and stores them encrypted on [Infomaniak Swiss Backup](https://www.infomaniak.com/en/swiss-backup).

## Installation Ubuntu

To automate backups follow these simple steps:

>   1. **Save connection details in the macOS keychain.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. **Save connection details in the `secret-tool` secret manager**
```
